if you have an ecommerce site wouldn't
it be a great to know a cool new
strategy to get more traffic hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down how to increase your
traffic and sales from google with
woocommerce and with google ads
today i'm going to show you how to drive
more traffic and sales to your
woocommerce stores using just one plugin
but before we get started i want to let
you know that today's video is sponsored
by google woocommerce facilitate over 20
billion dollars in sales in 2020
according to matt molock in the state of
the word 2020. woocommerce is the most
popular open source e-commerce platform
and a top choice for wordpress users
plugins are part of the success with
woocommerce store owners reaching
shoppers and driving sales there are
over 700 extensions on the official
woocommerce.com marketplace and more on
wordpress.org according to data knives
woocommerce powers over 27 of all online
stores the highest market share of
e-commerce while these are all great
aspects of this platform how can an
ecommerce business drive even more
traffic and sales to their woocommerce
store we all know that google's a
leading traffic source whether you're
looking at organic seo or paid ads
google just drives a boatload of traffic
a recent report by catalyst digital
shows that 50 percent of all shoppers
discover new products or brands on
google which is a huge opportunity now
google provides highly targeted traffic
with millions of shoppers worldwide
ready to discover and buy your ecommerce
products as an ecommerce site owner
there are a couple of options to acquire
free traffic from google and when i mean
free i really do mean free as well as
paid a great way to get traffic from
google is through this woocommerce
google's listing and ads is official
extension built by woocommerce and it
basically allows you to sync your store
with google to list products on their
platform
the way you're able to do this is by
uploading your products and store data
to google which allows you to sync
automatically with their platform and
all the services it offers whether it's
for free or paid ads you can track your
products performance from just one place
in your dashboard
if you're looking for free traffic there
are unpaid product search results that
show up in places like google shopping
tabs google search and google images
when you submit your products through
google's listings and ads this usually
happens automatically depending on your
settings
the key thing to remember is that the
richer the product data that you submit
the better chances of getting your
product showcase so make sure you go in
them
if you want the extra boost of highly
targeted traffic then you may want to
start running a smart shopping campaign
which you could do directly within the
google listings and ads integration with
smart shopping campaigns you can reach
people across google's networks
including youtube gmail google search
and even the google display network all
you have to do is sync up your products
and set a daily budget google will
literally take care of the rest and
optimize your campaign to display your
products in the best time and places to
shoppers now woocommerce has a new
plugin that allows you to sync your
woocommerce store to google listings and
ads pretty much automatically the plugin
is free and all you have to do to get
started is download woocommerce google
listing and ads extension i'm sharing
the link in the description below to
make it easy for you to download it
you'll also receive a hundred and fifty
dollars in ad credit when you create
your google ads account google listing
and ads will not only give you the
chance to get free traffic from google
but will also give you the option to tap
into google smart shopping campaigns
the best part you only pay when people
click on your ad you can get your
products in front of qualified shoppers
and adjust your budget anytime
this is a great way to boost your
traffic and sales with paid ads you can
focus on your store while google's
technology will automatically helps find
shoppers who are more likely to spend
more money
here's a bonus tip a great way to
optimize for these campaigns is to allow
for a two-week minimum learning period
without making changes to your campaign
google will optimize your campaign and
choose the best time and the best place
to show your products to shoppers you
just have to be patient give them time
there you have it now you know the
easiest way to get traffic from google
with woocommerce